Change logic for metadata info (use constant value and version) (#38)
Bit-Quill/amazon-timestream-driver-jdbc: README.md

3. Export GPG TTY: `export GPG_TTY=$(tty)`

### Debug with BI tools
#### DBeaver
1. Search `dbeaver.ini` file - It should be in the home DBeaver directory
2. Open `dbeaver.ini` file and add line `-Ddbeaver.jdbc.trace=true` to the end of the file 
3. Restart DBeaver Application
4. Add driver and Connect to your timestream database.
5. In DBeaver `Workspace` go to `.metadata` folder
6. File `jdbc-api-trace.log` contains all JDBC API invocations and all queries with results.

##### The log location Mac example
/Library/DBeaverData/workspace6/.metadata/dbeaver-debug.log

#### Log example
2023-07-24 14:53:57.819 - Initializing the client.
2023-07-24 14:53:57.819 - Creating an AWSStaticCredentialsProvider.
2023-07-24 14:53:58.375 - Execution context opened (Timestream; Metadata; 1)
2023-07-24 14:53:58.377 - Initializing the client.
2023-07-24 14:53:58.377 - Creating an AWSStaticCredentialsProvider.

#### DbVisualizer
To enable debug mode, the following steps should be done:
1. Open `Tools -> Debug Window`
2. Open the `Debug Log` tab
3. Enable the `Debug DbVisualizer` checkbox

##### The log file location
`$HOME/.dbvis/sqllogs folder with the .dson extension`

#### Tableau Desktop

> To enable debug mode need to run Tableau Desktop with -DLogLevel=debug flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable debug mode in Tableau Desktop, run application with -DLogLevel=debug flag
```

More details on the official [documentation](https://kb.tableau.com/articles/howto/how-to-create-tableau-desktop-debug-logs)

#### Java Application
Need to change the log level to `DEBUG` or `FINE`.

#### For Spring based application 

> The log level can be modified by changing application.properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log level can be modified by changing the `application.properties` file values to the following:
```
